book of ageo chapter 1
in the second year of King Darius in the
sixth month on the first day of the month came
word of jehovah through the prophet
argeo a solo babel son of salatiel
governor of Judah and Joshua son of
josé attack sumo priest saying well
has spoken jehovah of the armies
saying this town says it has not arrived
still time time the house
of Jehovah be rebuilt then wine
word of jehovah through the prophet
to geo saying is for you time
for you to live in our
art houses are fairies and this house is
deserted thus well has said jehová of the
armies meditate well on you
paths to sow is a lot and you pick up little
you eat and you do not become babies but
You give satisfied the dresses and not you
carl in taiz and the one who works jornal
he gets his wages in a broken bag like that
said jehovah of hosts meditate
on your paths up the mountain and
bring wood and re build the house
and I will put my will and be in her
glorified has said jehovah you seek
a lot and you have little and locked in house
and I shot it in a breath because it says
jehovah of hosts because my
house is deserted and each of
you runs to his own house so
He stopped from the heavens above you
the rain and the earth stopped its fruits
and lick the drought on this earth and
on the mountains on the wheat on the
came on the oil about everything that
the earth produces on men and
about beasts and especially work
of hands I just babe the son of salt
a piel y josué son of josé attack sumo
priest and all the rest of the town the
voice of jehovah his god and the words of the
prophet to geo as he had sent
jehovah to his god and feared the people
in front of jehová then to geo
sent from jehovah he spoke by mandate of
jehovah to the people saying I am with
you say jehovah
and awakened in jehovah the spirit of
sorbas the son of salatiel governor of
Judah and the spirit of Josue son of Joseph
alak high priest and the spirit of
all the rest of the town and they came and
they worked in the jehovah house of the
armies your god on day 24 of the month
sixth in the second year of the king darío
chapter 2 in the seventh month at 21
days of the month came the word of jehovah by
half of the prophet angel saying speaks
now azor babel son of salt to skin
governor of Judah and JOSOE son of J
buck high priest and the rest of the
people saying who was left between
you who have seen this house in your
first glory and how once now no
she is like nothing in front of you
eyes then now only babel strive
says jehovah and strive also joshua
son of josé adac sumo priest and cobra
of courage people all of the earth says
jehovah and work because I am with
you say jehovah of the armies
according to the covenant that I made with you
when you came out and from egypt so
spirit will be in the midst of you not
you fear because that's what the jehovah of the
armies little by little I will shake
the heavens and the earth the sea and the
dry earth and has to tremble at all
nations and will come the desired of all
the nations and well glory area this
home
I jehovah of my armies is the
silver and mine is the gold says jehovah of the
armies the last glory of this
house will be greater than the first one has said
jehovah of the armies and I will give peace in
this place says jehovah of the armies
24 days into the ninth month in the
second year of darío wine word of
jehovah through the prophet to geo
saying to said jehovah of the
armies now ask the
priests about the law saying yes
I will carry some sanctified meat in the
skirt of her clothes and with the flight of her
I will touch bread or food or wine or oil or
any other food will be sanctified and
the priests answered and said no
and told geo if an unclean because of
dead body I will touch something of
these will be unclean and the
priests and said unclean will and
responded to geo and said well is this
people and these people in front of me says
jehovah and likewise all work of his hands
and everything that is offered here in that world
now meditated in your heart
from this day forward before
put stones on stone in the temple
of jehovah
before it happened in these things
they came to the pile of 20 fast and there were 10
they came to the winepress to get 50 pitchers and
there was 20 or be and with east wind with
chalk a century and hail in every work
from your hands, you do not become
teisa tells me jehovah to meditate then in
your heart from this day on
forward from the 24th day of the ninth month
from the day the foundation has been made
from the temple of jehovah then meditate on
your heart is not a birth in
the barn neither life nor the fig tree nor
the pomegranate tree or the olive tree has
bloomed even more from this day
I will bless wine for the second time for the
from jehová to geo to the twenty-four days
of the same month saying speaks only babel
governor of Judah saying I will do
tremble the heavens and the earth and
upset the throne of the kingdoms and
I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of
nations upsets the cars and
that in them rise and come down the
horses and their riders each by the
sword of his brother
in that day says jehovah of the
armies that will take osoro babel and jodes
My servant says jehovah and tea
I will put as ring of senyar because I
I chose you, says Jehovah of the armies